Responsible Disclosure Program

At ${COMPANY_NAME}, Inc., we take security of our usersâ€™ data very
seriously. If you have discovered or believe you have discovered
potential security vulnerabilities in an ${COMPANY_NAME} Service, we
encourage you to disclose your discovery to us as quickly as possible in
accordance with this Responsible Disclosure Program.

We will work with you to validate and respond to security
vulnerabilities that you report to us. Because public disclosure of a
security vulnerability could put the entire ${COMPANY_NAME} community at
risk, we require that you keep such potential vulnerabilities
confidential until we are able to address them. We will not take legal
action against you or suspend or terminate your access to any
${COMPANY_NAME} Services, provided that you discover and report security
vulnerabilities in accordance with this Responsible Disclosure Program.
${COMPANY_NAME} reserves all of its legal rights in the event of any
noncompliance.

Capitalized terms not defined in this Responsible Disclosure Program
shall have the meaning set forth in our Terms of Use.
Discovering Security Vulnerabilities

We encourage responsible security research on the ${COMPANY_NAME}
services and products, including Webtask. We allow you to conduct
vulnerability research and testing on the ${COMPANY_NAME} Services to
which you have authorized access. In no event shall your research and
testing involve:

    Accessing, or attempting to access, accounts or data that does not
belong to you or your Authorized Users,
    Any attempt to modify or destroy any data,
    Executing, or attempting to execute, a denial of service attack,
    Sending, or attempting to send, unsolicited or unauthorized email,
spam or other forms of unsolicited messages,
    Testing third party websites, applications or services that
integrate with the ${COMPANY_NAME} Services,
    Posting, transmitting, uploading, linking to, sending or storing
malware, viruses or similar harmful software, or otherwise attempting to
interrupt or degrade the ${COMPANY_NAME} services, and
    Any activity that violates any applicable law.

Issues not to Report

The following is a partial list of issues that we ask for you not to
report, unless you believe there is an actual vulnerability:

    CSRF on forms that are available to anonymous users
    Disclosure of known public files or directories (e.g. robots.txt)
    Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) configuration
suggestions
    Banner disclosure on common/public services
    HTTP/HTTPS/SSL/TLS security header configuration suggestions
    Lack of Secure/HTTPOnly flags on non-sensitive cookies
    Logout Cross-Site Request Forgery (logout CSRF)
    Phishing or Social Engineering Techniques
    Presence of application or web browser 'autocomplete' or 'save
password' functionality
    Sender Policy Framework (SPF) configuration suggestions

Reporting Security Vulnerabilities

If you believe you have discovered a security vulnerability issue,
please share the details with ${COMPANY_NAME} by filling the form below.

${COMPANY_NAME} will acknowledge receipt of your report within 2
business days, provide you with an estimated timetable for resolution of
the vulnerability, notify you when the vulnerability is fixed, and, with
your permission, publicly acknowledge your responsible disclosure.

Email communication between you and ${COMPANY_NAME}, including without
limitation, emails you send to ${COMPANY_NAME} reporting a potential
security vulnerability, should not contain any of your proprietary
information. The contents of all email communication you send to
${COMPANY_NAME} shall be considered non-proprietary. ${COMPANY_NAME}, or
any of its affiliates, may use such communication or material for any
purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, reproduction,
disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and further posting.
Further, ${COMPANY_NAME} and its affiliates are free to use any ideas,
concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication or
material you send to ${COMPANY_NAME} for any purpose whatsoever,
including, but not limited to, fixing, developing, manufacturing, and
marketing products. By submitting any information, you are granting
${COMPANY_NAME} a perpetual, royalty-free and irrevocable right and
license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate,
distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense,
create derivative works from, transfer and sell such information.
